rename health check (#62)
Shopify/oxygenctl-action: README.md

- `oxygen_deployment_token`: The Oxygen deployment token issued by Shopify. This is a required input.
- `oxygen_worker_dir`: The name of the directory containing the worker file. Defaults to `dist/worker`.
- `oxygen_client_dir`: The name of the directory with compiled asset files to be uploaded to the CDN. Defaults to `dist/client`.

> - `oxygen_deployment_verification`: Verifies succesful deployment of the worker to Oxygen. Accepts `true` or `false`. Defaults to `true`. Note: This verification checks the status of the deployment, not the health of the application. If set to true, the workflow will only be marked as successful if the worker deployment to Oxygen has been completed successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `oxygen_deployment_verification`: Verifies successful deployment of the worker to Oxygen. Accepts `true` or `false`. Defaults to `true`. Note: This verification checks the status of the deployment, not the health of the application. If set to `true`, the workflow will only be marked as successful if the worker deployment to Oxygen has been verified to be routable. Also note that the workflow status and the status of the deployment in the Hydrogen storefronts channel may differ if the verification check fails.
```

- `oxygen_deployment_token`: The Oxygen deployment token issued by Shopify. This is a required input.
- `oxygen_worker_dir`: The name of the directory containing the worker file. Defaults to `dist/worker`.
- `oxygen_client_dir`: The name of the directory with compiled asset files to be uploaded to the CDN. Defaults to `dist/client`.
- `oxygen_verify_deployment`: Verifies succesful deployment of the worker to Oxygen. Accepts `true` or `false`. Defaults to `true`. Note: This verification checks the status of the deployment, not the health of the application. If set to true, the workflow will only be marked as successful if the worker deployment to Oxygen has been completed successfully.

> - `oxygen_health_check` (deprecated): Previously used to ensure the application is reachable on Oxygen before marking the deployment as successful. This input is now deprecated and `oxygen_verify_deployment`` should be used instead.

Reviewer: Since the default it `true` we will just turn it on if they've specified `false` here. I don't know if I see that as a huge problem as we'll never be able to remove this otherwise unless we release a new version of the action. I say let's just 🔥 it, IMO not super impactful and IIRC github will just warn you that you're using an unsupported input or something so they can investigate and change it.
